Experiment 1b: Human Lane Keeping Data Collection
  
The purpose of this experiment is to collect data of humans performing lane keeping in the presence of an autonomous lane-changing vehicle.

Experimental Setting:
The human car is initialised in the right/bottom lane, facing right, travelling at 5m/s. Lane-changing vehicle is in the adjacent lane, next to the human vehicle, with the same initial speed.
Both cars have a maximum speed of 5.5m/s and acceleration range [-3m/s^2,3m/s^2].
The goal of the human vehicle is to proceed in their lane. The goal of the autonomous vehicle is to change lanes.

This experiment has four sub-cases:
    i. the human is told to complete the objective "as quickly as possible" and the other vehicle is passive (only completes the lane change if the human allows it).
   ii. the human is told to complete the objective "safely" and the other vehicle is passive (only completes the lane change if the human allows it).
  iii. the human is told to complete the objective "as quickly as possible" and the other vehicle is selfish (will crash before not completing lane change).
   iv. the human is told to complete the objective "safely" and the other vehicle is selfish (will crash before not completing lane change).

Each sub-case corresonds to a different decision-making combination in the game matrix:
    i. C/LCB
   ii. GW/LCB (conflict)
  iii. C/LCA (conflict)
   iv. GW/LCA

The Human Controlled Vehicle:
The human controlled vehicle's behaviour is dictacted by arrow-based controls provided by the human;
    Pressing and holding the up key causes the car to accelerate,
    Pressing and holding the down key causes the car to decelerate,
    Pressing and holding the right key causes the car's heading to turn to the right,
    Pressing and holding the left key causes the car's heading to turn to the left,
    Pressing the Space key pauses the run.

The hope is that the directive "as quickly as possible" would induce aggressive behaviour in the lane keeping car, as the task is completed quicker if the human doesn't slow down for the other car.
The directive "safely" should induce passive behaviour, as the safer approach is to allow the other car to change whenever they attempt the lane change, as there is less risk of crashing.

The Lane-Changing Vehicle:
The lane changing vehicle's behaviour is triggered by events in the environment; Initially it is controlled by a parametrised lane change model. If the car gets onto the right hand lane, and the human car has not started to give way, the following occurs:
    i. if aggressive the car waits until within a certain radius of the human controlled car before giving up on the lane change (this radius might be too close to avoid crashing).
   ii. if passive then the car gives up on the lane change and returns to their original lane,decreasing acceleration.

If the human car slows down to facilitate the lane change, then, after crossing lanes, the autonomous car accelerates the rest of the change (since there is less risk).

After giving up on the lane change the following outcomes are possible;
    i. if the lane changing car is ahead of the human car, then another attempt to lane change ahead is made,
   ii. if the lane changing car is behind the human car, it performs a lane change, as the other car has passed it.

The observed trajectories of both vehicles are written to file and stored at the end of the run.

Open Questions:
    i. Should probably have arbitrary metrics or something to incentivise humans towards their objectives.
   ii. Do the instructions necessarily produce aggressive/passive behaviour?

